mark good evening and welcome to another
episode of Grave Encounters it's like
yeah at York hospitals like this we're
seen as sort of a dumping ground for
embarrassing family members rather than
a place that they could go to actually
get help many of them were severely just
uh truly frightening I swear to God that
I saw someone ready to be able to halt
it and he swears that something pushed
him off the ladder
you guys see this window here lock it up
real good at night I'm back in the
morning
sometimes this thing why do tonight
my crew and I using the most
sophisticated in ghost hunting equipment
we're in search of definitive proof of
spirits that were unsettled in life and
possibly unsettled in the afterlife is
there someone here with us
who's that if this is something real did
you get that TC Roma yeah
I'm gonna document everything
people are gonna want to see this Mack
and Houston are gone we just need to
focus on fun
hey hey
or you
you